{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;\red37\green35\blue35;
\red235\green123\blue8;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c19216\c18431\c18431;
\cssrgb\c94510\c55686\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. It\'92s Entertaining \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
While many argue that social media outlets, such as TikTok, can be distracting for youth (remember, users have to be at least 13 years of age to use this app), the fact that they are using it simply to be entertained can't be denied. TikTok is full of comedy sketches, duets, and interesting dances, all of which are very amusing for viewers. Additionally, because TikTok is so darn popular, teens can feel left out if they aren\'92t using it. The fear of missing out (FOMO) syndrome can be a real thing for them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf4  
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \strokec2 2. It Can Be Good for Making Friends \
 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 TikTok is considered a social network because it offers great potential for making new friends and forming new connections. This platform has millions of users worldwide, so it can also be great for inclusiveness. Some teens are naturally shy, so making in-person friends can be difficult. However, social media removes the pressure of communicating directly, face-to-face, making it a lot easier for some to express their thoughts, feelings, and make new connections. \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 3. It Can Be a Good Creative Outlet \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 While it might not appear so from the get-go, there is actually an art to making good TikTok's. For example, when making dancing videos, you have to choose between different filter options, make suitable music choices, and think of and execute interesting dance moves. When making TikTok comedy sketches, you have to come up with a script and think of fun ways to act everything out. So, there is some method to the madness, which can be beneficial for teens' self-expression and creativity. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf5 \strokec5 4. It Offers Earning Potential 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
 \
It is widely-known by now (especially by teens) that TikTok creators are among some of the the top paid in the influencer world. Currently, there are dedicated TikTok scouting agencies, dedicated TikTok creator houses, and a whole set of sponsors waiting to show off their products to their target audiences through this platform. Although only a small percentage of users get to this lucrative point, there\'92s always a chance that your teen might make it in the TikTok industry. \cb1 \
}